ci: enable java auto release (#1602)
lancedb/lancedb: release_process.md

# Release process

> There are six total packages we release. Four are the `lancedb` packages
> for Python, Rust, Java, and Node.js. The other two are the legacy `vectordb`
> packages for Rust and node.js.

Reviewer: While we are updating this, we can remove the `vectordb` Rust package, which hasn't been part of our release process for a little while.
```suggestion
There are five total packages we release. Four are the `lancedb` packages
for Python, Rust, Java, and Node.js. The other one is the legacy `vectordb`
package node.js.
```

The Python package is versioned and released separately from the Rust, Java, and Node.js

> ones. For Rust, and Node.js, the release process is shared between `lancedb` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ones. For Node.js the release process is shared between `lancedb` and
```

The release process uses a handful of GitHub actions to automate the process.

```text
  ┌─────────────────────┐
  │Create Release Commit│
  └─┬───────────────────┘
    │                           ┌────────────┐ ┌──►Python GH Release
    ├──►(tag) python-vX.Y.Z ───►│PyPI Publish├─┤
    │                           └────────────┘ └──►Python Wheels
    │
    │                           ┌───────────┐

>     └──►(tag) vX.Y.Z ───┬──────►│NPM Publish├──┬──►Rust/Node GH Release

Reviewer: Just a note for us in the future: we should probably add `java` to these release notes. And also consider taking seriously the language labels in the release notes. Think about what we need to do to make them easy to read for both Node and Java developers.
